[CHK-2887] feat(keepalive): add keepalive conf only for npg (#202)
pagopa/pagopa-ecommerce-payment-methods-service: README.md

| SESSION_URL_OUTCOME_SUFFIX         | Suffix concatenated to the merchant url to enhance the resultUrl field in the order build to NPG                                                           | string |         |
| SESSION_URL_CANCEL_SUFFIX          | Suffix concatenated to the merchant url to enhance the cancelUrl field in the order build to NPG                                                           | string |         |
| SESSION_URL_NOTIFICATION_URL       | Url used into npg order build request to enhance the notificationUrl field                                                                                 | string |         |
| NPG_SO_KEEPALIVE                   | Whether tcp keepalive is enabled for payment gateway connections                                                                                           | string |         |

> | NPG_TCP_KEEPIDLE                   | Configures the idle time after tcp starts sending keepalive probes                                                                                         | string |         |
> | NPG_TCP_KEEPINTVL                  | Configures the time between individual keepalive probes                                                                                                    | string |         |
> | NPG_TCP_KEEPCNT                    | Configures the maximum number of TCP keepalive probes                                                                                                      | string |         |

Reviewer: More readable?
```suggestion
| NPG_TCP_KEEPALIVE_IDLE_TIME                   | Configures the idle time after tcp starts sending keepalive probes, in seconds                                                                                         | string |         |
| NPG_TCP_KEEPALIVE_INTERVAL                  | Configures the time between individual keepalive probes, in seconds                                                                                                    | string |         |
| NPG_TCP_KEEPALIVE_PROBE_COUNT                    | Configures the maximum number of TCP keepalive probes                                                                                                      | string |         |
```

Reviewer 2: I would add also the time unit in the system property name, such as `NPG_TCP_KEEPALIVE_IDLE_TIME_SECONDS`

Reviewer 3: I would keep the system properties name similar to the EpollChannelOption provided by Netty and improve their description with your suggestions, what do you think?
